feat(enums): HTTP interaction bot flag (#912)
nextcord/nextcord: docs/api.rst

    .. attribute:: discord_certified_moderator

        The user is a Discord Certified Moderator.

>     .. attribute:: http_interactions_bot
> 
>         The user is a bot which receives interactions over HTTP.

Reviewer: Should probably make the docs be more similar to what it says at https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/blob/8f435d11d78ea1c3db167364befc733df860bdcc/docs/resources/User.md?plain=1#L80

```suggestion
    .. attribute:: bot_http_interactions

        The user is a bot that uses only HTTP interactions and is shown in the online member list.
```
